My name is Jamie and I am twenty-nine years old. I am the youngest of three kids, was raised in a loving Christian home, and grew up in the gorgeous state of Colorado. I have been married to my wonderful husband Andy for over six years and together we have two beautiful boys - our first born, Logan Andrew Stewart, and our newest arrival, Sullivan Logan Stewart. I believe with all my heart the best gift I have ever been given is being a Mom. It is the most beautifully challenging thing I have ever done and by far the most rewarding. I have been a follower of Christ all my life and strive every single day to be more and more like Him. He is my Creator, my Savior, and hands down my rock and foundation. When I'm not at home covered in baby food and other things I dare not mention, you can find me at a salon in Denver where I work as a hair stylist. I feel honored to have a job where on a daily basis I am able to use my talents to help people feel more confident about themselves. I also volunteer for the non-profit foundation String of Pearls, which devotes its time and resources helping families through fatal prenatal diagnosis that will result in the death of their baby prior to, or shortly after birth.
It is certainly not a ministry I would have ever dreamed to be a part of and quite honestly a ministry most would never even imagine existed - but nonetheless - something that without a doubt I feel called to do. There are many other specifics about myself and my life that I won\'92t take the time explain, but I assure you I'm weaved together by many other loves, strengths, weaknesses, dreams and fears. However, if we were to take a glimpse at that long list I can say with certainty that writing would never have been found under my talents or hobbies. Never in a million years would I have considered myself a writer or spent any amount of my free-time writing. And yet, thanks to the urging of dear friends, I have spent countless hours in the last three years of my life doing just that.
